<?xml version="1.0"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, user-scalable=yes"/><title>Refereemanager - Developer Documentation</title><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="C.css"/><script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.js"/><script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.syntax.js"/><script type="text/javascript" src="yelp.js"/></head><body><div class="page" role="main"><div class="header"/><div class="body"><div class="hgroup"><h1 class="title"><span class="title">Refereemanager - Developer Documentation</span></h1></div><div class="region"><div class="contents"><div class="links topiclinks"><div class="inner"><div class="region"><div class="linkdiv "><a class="linkdiv" href="setup.xhtml" title="Setting up the working environment"><span class="title">Setting up the working environment</span></a></div></div></div></div></div><div id="preface" class="sect"><div class="inner"><div class="hgroup"><h2 class="title"><span class="title">Preface</span></h2></div><div class="region"><div class="contents"><p class="p">
			This documentation focuses on the development aspect of the RefereeManager.
			Thus, there is no description for setting up the RefereeManager in a production environment.
			This is part of the user documentation.
		</p><p class="p">
			Therefore, be aware, that your passwords etc. are not secured during development, if you don't secure them yourselves.
			The same goes for other security aspects.
		</p><p class="p">
			I develop the RefereeManager in a virtual machine with no access from the internet, or on a laptop with no reading access from the internet.
			I urge you to do so yourselves, unless you know what you are doing.
		</p></div></div></div></div><div id="language" class="sect"><div class="inner"><div class="hgroup"><h2 class="title"><span class="title">Used Language</span></h2></div><div class="region"><div class="contents"><p class="p">
			The developer's documentation is in English, because I think more people understand English than German and thus more people can use the RefereeManager.
			As I am a German native speaker, you can ask German questions every time.
		</p><p class="p">
			Die Dokumentation ist auf Englisch, damit mehr Leute die Schiedsrichterverwaltung nutzen können.
			Da ich Deutsch als Muttersprache spreche, können Sie natürlich jederzeit auch deutsche Fragen stellen.
		</p></div></div></div></div></div><div class="clear"/></div><div class="footer"><div class="sect about ui-expander" role="contentinfo"><div class="yelp-data yelp-data-ui-expander" data-yelp-expanded="false"/><div class="inner"><div class="hgroup"><h2><span class="title">About</span></h2></div><div class="region"><div class="contents"><div class="aboutblurb authors"><div class="title"><span class="title">Written By</span></div><ul class="credits"><li>Ekkart Kleinod</li></ul></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></body></html>
